Terminator
by Chris Jones <cmsj@tenshu.net> and others. 

   (See bottom note about current project state.)

The goal of this project is to produce a useful tool for arranging terminals. 
It is inspired by programs such as gnome-multi-term, quadkonsole, etc. in that
the main focus is arranging terminals in grids (tabs is the most common default
method, which Terminator also supports).

When you run Terminator, you will get a terminal in a window, just like almost 
every other terminal emulator available. There is also a titlebar which will
update as shells/programs inside the terminal tell it to. Also on the titlebar
is a small button that opens the grouping menu. From here you can put terminals
into groups, which allows you to control multiple terminals simultaneously.

You can create more terminals by right clicking on one and choosing to split 
it vertically or horizontally. You can get rid of a terminal by right 
clicking on it and choosing Close. Ctrl-Shift-o and Ctrl-Shift-e will also 
effect the splitting.
Also from the right mouse menu you can access Terminator's preferences window.

Ctrl-Shift-n and Ctrl-Shift-p will Shift focus to the next/previous terminal 
respectively, and Ctrl-Shift-w will close the current terminal and 
Ctrl-Shift-q the current window.

For more keyboard shortcuts and also the command line options, please see the
manpage "terminator". For configuration options, see the manpage 
"terminator_config".

Ask questions at: https://answers.launchpad.net/terminator/
Please report all bugs to https://bugs.launchpad.net/terminator/+filebug

Terminator began by shamelessly copying code from the vte-demo.py in the vte 
widget package, and the gedit terminal plugin (which was fantastically 
useful at figuring out vte's API).

vte-demo.py was not my code and is copyright its original author. While it 
does not contain any specific licensing information in it, the VTE package 
appears to be licenced under LGPL v2.

The gedit terminal plugin is part of the gedit-plugins package, which is 
licenced under GPL v2 or later.

I am thus licensing Terminator as GPL v2 only.

Cristian Grada provided the old icon under the same licence.
Cory Kontros provided the new icon under the CC-by-SA licence.
For other authorship information, see debian/copyright

--- v1.92 by Ohir Ripe <ohir@fairbe.org> --------------------------

IMPORTANT! This is still the python2 code. Some distros (eg. debian)
patched Terminator-1.91 code for use with python3. The choice is yours.

IMPORTANT! PYTHONIOENCODING=UTF-8 environment should be set in your
Xwindow environment scripts if python2.7 in your distro somehow is
not locale.utf8 -aware yet. It happens but I won't investigate this.

Config is kept in the $HOME/.config/terminator/config92 file — so 1.92
should not mess your 1.91 config. You may copy of config to config92 to 
pick up your colors and font (profiles). If a $XDG_CONFIG_HOME env variable
is set, terminator respects it, so config files are to be found in the 
$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/terminator/ path.

This package is a snapshot of my Terminator 1.92 development tree packaged
with 1.91 translations and docs. There are neither translations nor docs
for 1.92 yet. All new features are configurable in the prefseditor though
and all have a tooltip explaining them. Development staled since I had all
features I needed for daily work, but it is a high time to share my work.
I hope someone will continue it.

Beta Note: this version has many new features that I (ohir) deem
essential, but it also has some old features (I deem dangerous) turned off.
Most notable: all shortcuts for grouping terminals are removed from the
default keybindings. Default colors are mine's, too. Straight off the past
century. I have tested all features I personally use, but some old features
I never used might have break.  If so - report it at
https://github.com/ohir/terminator/issues

TODO: 1st! remove configobj dependency. This thing is a huge pile of mess.

  * Terminator's config code needs to be rewritten from the scratch.
    Then you may delete some three hundreds of 'if xxx_has_key' clauses.
  * Prefseditor should abandon changes on an escape or window close.
    (Now it sets things immediately as you go).
  * Sessions configuration should be written to separate files, while main
    config should keep only defaults and color profiles.

Enjoy!

